and then people all right with you here
Who speaks is Pedro and welcome to more.
a video and today I'll go here one
battle of serve with the help here
your little brother from Italy
Only he knows late against the Turkish ship.
But , folks, it's because you asked
but then I also do not know what the boy
I put it so I'll put it here.
the latter kid here because then
came in not to put it here because
while Hitachi prevent that
saci was in the thing there is in the house
that I'll put the goal put
help here his country only beauty
come on then now is this game is very
mass as I have been praises enough he is
Good to see that this will bring a battle
It's cool for you here in a battle.
epic you are doing at this time between
The boy versus ask does not make the book
The harder I just recorded the
battle of badar against open and me
I lost one and get one then
third battle
I hope you like the guys
Mandaqui Oxy Pain It
already deviant né
why have you taken in a resident this
quoted the boy safe is this face was
This game is fucking, I fucking like it
sends sends it boitatá already broke the
side cissokho caramba old civil of
possible pioneers mother even want
I want to see is like che d'orey for you
Just take care of the beautiful beauty.
now I can take a distance from
You and let hitachi take care of you.
or else a girl who's dude is picking up
the way of human struggle
now this game is mass you really enter
in the skin of their characters
It's a very interesting game, I
I came back here and I will not teach the other one.
when I played an alternative of him
the only thing I did not like guys
even went
but let's see if the part of staff
nacre of the baby roll is the
Next galera and sileg motherfucker is
the next folks at the time you go
to fry tutu
good guys afternoon as he was talking
so what I do not like to set the tone
one more title that I did not like this
This game is not what I did not like
I thought you could serve yourself without it.
My love, my god, come on, it 's the
next is aaa the injunction is valid for
Hand that sequence your child attack
of the mother
It's the folks next time
you will use the special and give a
decrease of time while I am
I'll take the bidding there and I'll tell you
like this
while you are going to give a special you
has a decrease of time how is it
this decreasing time is thus informing
that the guy had her do it behind
What happened to the goal?
Dude, I was angry, I'm going to use it now.
one
a grace of only sousa is at the negotiation
It's boring, we still have the key.
It's the crowd at the time you're going to use it.
especially the time decrease then
he is thus the second means that before
If you're using it, it'll take a while.
second so come think cool year
How boring is it going to question you?
words and left a special face flavor
left saints said still that will stay
There he is good to score goals
Felipe, let's use this here.
I do not know what his special would be
use only in taag uses the keep rate
helena director
hum exploded naruto exploded he also
It's really but let's let's go
pretend nobody saw it
that our human mass here was
useful coming
the girl service stops being you go
and it's going to hit you naruto
the bastard will lose the crowd by
a moment I do not want this fight itself
and do not suffer any and look what I am
using is special
If you're online I'm using a special
I'm taking his damage still had
this power him little because if not he
use which eliminated from your I lose
none the state that threw the ball
fire by the stake i'm going to use a
bank here I'll try the super
chemistry was mastered to help again there
damn it
leaves close to another fan face always
who was winning so much we got there
silva and maybe we'll try.
Send the super team to Aquino Naruto and I
radionuclides managed by the Viana
Dude, dude, it's working. Fought.
how to see if you hit
Well, look, I got there and I think.
that was for me to have played with the boy
at the time the boy won was actually the
sasc winner and also hour or is is a
example our mother here but everyone
hid and soda
followed if the kaka hand I was impressed
is the first time I saw the CIEE
son who passes just before the
determine the technique I liked to
Geez, I really liked it.
so that's it folks the video is getting
here if you saw this post by
my facebook page for hydro
place or what I had not
writes he does not forget the slaves at
Do not forget to share this post
galera helps a lot and does not forget
to give that I liked it here on the channel here
in the video to help
check out the other channel videos and
sign up for the next video and
Czech